Document the new VcpkgInstalledDirRoot property (#566)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/users/buildsystems/msbuild-integration.md

This property defines the location vcpkg will install and consume libraries from.

In manifest mode, this defaults to `$(VcpkgManifestRoot)\vcpkg_installed\$(VcpkgTriplet)\`. In
classic mode, this defaults to `$(VcpkgRoot)\installed\`. In manifest mode do not change

> this property unless you know what you're doing, instead change `VcpkgInstalledDirRoot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
classic mode, this defaults to `$(VcpkgRoot)\installed\`. Use [`VcpkgInstalledDirRoot`](#vcpkginstalleddirroot) to change the default location in manifest mode.
```

> ### `VcpkgInstalledDirRoot` (Installed Directory Root)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### <a name="vcpkginstalleddirroot"></a> `VcpkgInstalledDirRoot` (Installed Directory Root)
```

> This property defines the parent location for the triplet where vcpkg will install and consume libraries from in manifest mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property defines the installation directory for libraries when using manifest mode. Subdirectories are created as needed for each triplet. This property is ignored when `VcpkgInstalledDir` is explicitly defined.
```

The installed directory is derived as `$(VcpkgInstalledDirRoot)\$(VcpkgTriplet)`. `VcpkgInstalledDirRoot`

> defaults to `$(VcpkgManifestRoot)\vcpkg_installed\`. Ignored if `VcpkgInstalledDir` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defaults to `$(VcpkgManifestRoot)\vcpkg_installed\`.
```

**Project Properties** > **Vcpkg** > **Use Vcpkg Manifest**. You may need to
reload the IDE to see the vcpkg Property Page.

> vcpkg will run during your project's build and by default install any listed dependencies to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a part of your project's build, vcpkg installs your dependencies to
```

`vcpkg_installed/$(VcpkgTriplet)/` adjacent to the `vcpkg.json` file; these libraries will then
automatically be included in and linked to your MSBuild projects.
You can use the `VcpkgInstalledDirRoot` property to change this directory, in which case installation

> is done into `$(VcpkgInstalledDirRoot)/$(VcpkgTriplet)/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [`VcpkgInstalledDirRoot`](#vcpkginstalleddirroot) property to change this directory.
```

Already explained how final installation is derived in the relevant section.
